Update the Potentially Vulnerable API article (#2608)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/dxSchedulerAppointment/html.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies HTML markup to insert into the appointment element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the HTML markup to be inserted into the appointment element.
```
